Add references to Copernik.eu Log4j components (#3534)
apache/logging-log4j2: src/site/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/manual/lookups.adoc

[#third-party]
== Third-party lookups

[IMPORTANT]
====

> These lookups are provided by **third-party** vendors and are not maintained by the Apache Software Foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These lookups are provided by **third-party** vendors and are not maintained by the link:{logging-services-url}[Apache Logging Services] (Log4j, Log4cxx, Log4net) project.
```

Author: Log4j releases are an act of the Apache Software Foundation, so I think it is important to visually differentiate software for which the ASF is **not** responsible. If we want to put the limit closer to us, I am fine with it too.

Reviewer: ASF doesn't **maintain** the code, ALS does. ASF gets only involved in the context of governance. Saying ASF maintains Log4j, etc. not only gives incorrect information, but leads users to donate to ASF while they actually want to support Log4j maintainers. During Log4Shell a substantial amount of donations are made to ASF and ALS, _the maintainers_, got 0 (zero). Hence, could you please make it explicit that Log4j maintainers (i.e., ALS) maintain Log4j, not ASF?

Author: I already did.

If you are upgrading to Spring Boot 3, make sure to remove the latter from your classpath.
====

[#TomcatLookup]
=== Tomcat Lookup

[cols="1h,4"]
|===
| Syntax
|
`tomcat:<key>`

where `key` is one of the
https://oss.copernik.eu/tomcat/3.x/components/log4j-tomcat#TomcatLookup-keys[supported Tomcat Lookup keys]
| Dependency | https://oss.copernik.eu/tomcat/3.x/components/log4j-tomcat#installation[`eu.copernik:log4j-tomcat`]
|===

The Tomcat Lookup allows retrieving the names of the currently active Tomcat engine, host and application context.
See
https://oss.copernik.eu/tomcat/3.x/components/log4j-tomcat#TomcatLookup[Copernik.eu Tomcat Lookup documentation] for more details.

> 
> [TIP]
> ====
> If you wish your custom lookup to appear on this page, use the ``[Edit]`` link at the top and submit a pull request.
> ====

Reviewer: I don't think there is a need to state the obvious.

```suggestion
```
